This project is an example of an infrastructure consisting of the following blocks:

a) blue/green deployment using terraform
b) deployment of infrastructure and services using ansible
c) all of the above items are triggered by pipleline in jenkins


A more detailed description of each item is given below.

a) This infrastructure will be deployed in aws and cloudflare provider.
Terraform deploys two application load balancers. Each of which has its own parameter (blue or green).
More information about the technology of blue-green deployment can be found here: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Blue-green_deployment
Behind each of the balancers there is an auto scaling group of servers consisting of two permanent servers that ensure trouble-free operation.
In addition, there is a server on which phpmyadmin is installed and configured to connect to the database server, about which below.
All of the above servers are present in the same quantity in different availability zones and are located behind each of the balancers.
Also in the project there is a shared database server, which is in a single instance, only servers with phpmyadmin installed have access to it,
and it is available for both servers from the green or blue branch.
In addition, during the deployment phase, a domain record is created in cloudflare.
There is also a function for switching the branch that responds to a request (green or blue), which changes the dns record for the provider.
The database server is created in RDS. The configuration of the connection to the DB instance is performed using aws cli and jinja template which are included in the role.

b) After the completion of the unfolding of the terraform, ansible enters the process.
At this stage, thanks to the dynamic inventory and tags that terraform installed, ansible installs the nginx and php-fpm roles on all servers.
Phpmyadmin is installed on a server that is not autoscaling. The configuration of the connection to the DB instance is performed using aws cli and jinja template which are included in the role.

с) At this stage, there are 2 servers located outside our project. First - master node, second - slave node of jenkins.
On master node, we set up the connection to the slave. On the slave, we set up the environment for the correct operation of all previous services.
After we have configured our instances, we create three jobs. The first is responsible for terraform and ansible, the second does the switching of branches, the third removes everything.
